# App Ideas Brainstorming

## App Idea 1: **NoteSnap**
**What:** NoteSnap is a note-taking app with basic text editing features. Users should be able to create, edit, and delete notes. we  can enhance it with categories, reminders, and search functionality.

**Who:** Students , professors, educators , researches , general public, almost anyone can benefit from a note-taking app eitrher as a reminder or for data use.

**Why:** Note-taking is a common need in society , especially students, professionals, and individuals in various fields. By creating a user-friendly note-taking app we address a fundamental need for organizing information and ideas efficiently.

**Challenges:**  Balancing simplicity with functionality can be the main challenging, as users should be able to quickly understand how to take, organize, and retrieve notes without feeling overwhelmed.

---

## App Idea 2: **Vibe**
**What:** Vibe is a music player app that aims to give a visual aspect to the music experience. Vibe auto-generates visuals that match with 
the "vibe" of the currently playing music. 

**Who:** For music enjoyers who need some visuals to keep their attention when just listening to music. 

**Why:** While listening to music on its own is a great experience, it can be hard to stay focused without something to focus on visually.
Vibe's autogenerated visuals match the feel of the music without taking away from it. 

**Challenges:** The main challenge is obviously matching a song to a visual. How would the app analyze a song and decide what
visual to create? Additionally, there is the issue of actually supporting the live-streaming of music.

---

## App Idea 3: **SafeRoute**
**What:** This app is used for to check off the general students that takes school buses to school. Within this school bus should have
a iPad, or tablet, that has access to "SafeRoute", where it checks off that the students that uses, lets say school bus number 2341, is in
the school bus safe and sound. This app should then proceed to show generally 4 logs of data revealing that the student went to and from
school with a school bus 4 times. This can be altered if students only uses school buses to arrive school and take the car home.

**Who:** This is mostly targeting for students starting around grade 3 - 12 students who usually takes school buses to school to check off
that they arrived in the school bus safe and left the school bus at said location.

**Why:** Ideally it is just a safety precaution to check when and where students were at what time. In worst case scenario, police need to back track
from where the school bus has stopped to drop off the students and where they could have been taken if they were to be taken for harm. 

**Challenges:** The challenges for making this app is to probably connect a backend server to keep up with all the students data of getting
in and off the bus. Another challenge is to GPS locate where the bus has last left the students or picked up the students.


---

## App Idea 4: **Route Revel**
**What:**  Route Revel is travel planner app that helps users plan their trips. Include features like destination suggestions, itinerary planning, weather forecasts for the travel dates, and local points of interest.

**Who:** A travel planner app can be targeted to a wide range of users, depending on its features and focus. Potential targets we have are tourist , vacationers, business travelers along with solo travelers.

**Why:** We are building this app with the idea to reduce the stress that comes along with planning a trip, this app will address the coveninece to the user by providing the destinations , weather , etc.

**Challenges:** Definitely the biggest challenge will be the data accuracy , due to the flight schedules, hotel availability, and local attractions is constantly changing. Ensuring your app has access to accurate and reliable data in real-time can be a significant challenge. It often requires integrating with various APIs and services, which might have different data formats and update frequencies.



## App Idea 5: **Money Talks**
**What:** Money Talks is an app that records the amount of hours you worked confirming the hours you worked matches with what you are getting paid on your paychecks. It would track the amount of hours worked and calculate the paychecks ahead of time to make sure you are getting the correct amount for work. Would also accomodate commission based jobs being able to cover a wide range of occupations.

**Who:** This app will focus on the working industry so it will have a wide scope, for example those on commission jobs it will also apply for, allowing custom settings for specific jobs.

**Why:** This app would be useful because it would be easy to confirm with what you are getting paid based on either your hours if it is an hourly job, or commission being able to put in bonuses, and filters that effects your specific occupation.

**Challenges:** There would be a few challenges with this app but I feel like giving it a nice layout and creating options that could fit a wide range of jobs would be the most difficult.



